I am Tech N9ne. My real name is Aaron Dontez Yates. I come from Kansas City. I have been a part of groups like The Regime. I have released albums such as Enterfear, N9na, Planet, The Storm, Special Effects, Something Else, All 6's and 7's, K.O.D., Killer, Everready (The Religion), Absolute Power, Anghellic, The Worst, The Calm Before the Storm. I have been rapping since 1991.
I am MF Doom. My real name is Daniel Dumile. I come from New York City. I am also known as Zev Love X, King Geedorah, King Ghidra, Viktor Vaughn, Metal Fingers, Metal Face, JJ Doom, King Dumile, DOOM. I have been a part of groups like KMD, Gorillaz, Monsta Island Czars, Madvillain. I have released albums such as Born Like This, Mm..Food, Venomous Villain, Vaudeville Villain, Take Me to Your Leader, Operation: Doomsday. I have been rapping since 1988.
I am Elzhi. My real name is Jason Powers. I come from Detroit. I am also known as eLZhi. I have been a part of groups like Slum Village. I have released albums such as Lead Poison, The Preface. I have been rapping since 1998.
I am Inspectah Deck. My real name is Jason Richard Hunter. I come from New York City. I am also known as Rollie Fingers, Fifth Brother, Rebel INS. I have been a part of groups like Wu-Tang Clan, Czarface. I have released albums such as Cynthia’s Son, Manifesto, The Resident Patient II, The Resident Patient, The Movement, Uncontrolled Substance. I have been rapping since 1992.
I am Chief Keef. My real name is Keith Farrelle Cozart. I come from Chicago. I am also known as Sosa. I have been a part of groups like Glo Gang. I have released albums such as Dedication, Bang 3, Part 2, Bang 3, Part 1, Finally Rich. I have been rapping since 2011.
I am Kool G Rap. My real name is Nathaniel Thomas Wilson. I come from New York City. I am also known as G Rap, Kool Genius of Rap, Giancana. I have been a part of groups like Juice Crew, Click of Respect, . I have released albums such as Return of the Don, Riches Royalty Respect, The Giancana Story, Roots of Evil, 4 5 6. I have been rapping since 1986.
I am Sage Francis. My real name is Paul William Francis. I come from Providence. I am also known as Paul Francis, Xaul Zan. I have been a part of groups like Non-Prophets, Art Official Intelligence. I have released albums such as This Was Supposed To Be Fun, Season 1, Copper Gone, Life, Human the Death Dance, A Healthy Distrust, Hope, Personal Journals. I have been rapping since 1996.
I am ASAP Rocky. My real name is Rakim Athelaston Mayers. I come from New York City. I am also known as A$AP Rocky, Rocky. I have been a part of groups like ASAP Mob. I have released albums such as Testing, At. Long. Last. ASAP, Long. Live. ASAP. I have been rapping since 2007.
I am Shai Linne. My real name is Shai Linne. I come from Philidelphia. I have been a part of groups like 116 Clique. I have released albums such as Jesus Kids, Still Jesus, Lyrical Theology, Pt. 2: Doxology, Lyrical Theology, Pt. 1: Theology, The Attributes of God, Storiez, The Atonement, The Solus Christus Project . I have been rapping since 2002.
I am Earl Sweatshirt. My real name is Thebe Neruda Kgositsile. I come from Los Angeles. I am also known as Sly Tendencies, randomblackdude, Thebe Kgositsile. I have been a part of groups like Odd Future. I have released albums such as Doris, I Don't Like Shit, I Don't Go Outside, Some Rap Songs . I have been rapping since 2008.
I am 2 Chainz. My real name is Tauheed Epps. I come from Atlanta. I am also known as Tity Boi, Drenchgod. I have been a part of groups like Playaz Circle. I have released albums such as Rap or Go to the League, Pretty Girls Like Trap Music, ColleGrove, B.O.A.T.S. II: Me Time, Based on a T.R.U. Story. I have been rapping since 1997.
I am 21 Savage. My real name is Shayaa Bin Abraham-Joseph. I come from Atlanta. I am also known as 21. I have released albums such as Savage Mode II, I Am > I Was, Without Warning, Issa Album, Savage Mode. I have been rapping since 2013.
I am 2Pac. My real name is Tupac Amaru Shakur. I come from Oakland. I am also known as Makaveli, MC New York. I have been a part of groups like Digital Underground, Outlawz, Thug Life. I have released albums such as Pac's Life, Loyal to the Game, Better Dayz, Until the End of Time, R U Still Down? (Remember Me), The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory, All Eyez on Me, Me Against the World, Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z.., 2Pacalypse Now. I have been rapping since 1987.
I am 50 Cent. My real name is Curtis James Jackson III. I come from New York City. I am also known as Ferrari F-50. I have been a part of groups like G-Unit. I have released albums such as Animal Ambition, Before I Self Destruct, Curtis, The Massacre, Get Rich or Die Tryin'. I have been rapping since 1996.
I am 6ix9ine. My real name is Daniel Hernandez. I come from New York City. I am also known as Tekashi69, Wallah Dan. I have been a part of groups like Scumgang. I have released albums such as TattleTales, Dummy Boy. I have been rapping since 2012.
I am Aesop Rock. My real name is Ian Matthias Bavitz. I come from New York City. I have been a part of groups like The Weatherman, The Uncluded, Hail Mary Mallon, Malibu Ken. I have released albums such as The Impossible Kid, Skelethon, None Shall Pass, Bazooka Tooth, Labor Days, Float, Music for Earthworms . I have been rapping since 1996.
I am Andy Mineo. My real name is Andrew Aaron Mineo. I come from New York City. I am also known as C-Lite. I have been a part of groups like 116 Clique. I have released albums such as Uncomfortable, Heroes for Sale. I have been rapping since 2001.
I am B.o.B. My real name is Bobby Ray Simmons Jr.. I come from Atlanta. I have been a part of groups like Hustle Gang. I have released albums such as Somnia, Southmatic, Naga, The Upside Down, Ether, Underground Luxury, Strange Clouds, B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray. I have been rapping since 2006.
I am Big Boi. My real name is Antwan André Patton. I come from Atlanta. I have been a part of groups like Outkast. I have released albums such as Boomiverse, Big Grams, Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors, Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty. I have been rapping since 1992.
I am Big Daddy Kane. My real name is Antonio Hardy. I come from New York City. I am also known as B.D.K., Dark Gable, King Asiatic Nobody's Equal, Blackanova, Count Macula. I have been a part of groups like Juice Crew. I have released albums such as Veteranz' Day, Daddy's Home, Looks Like a Job For..., Prince of Darkness, Taste of Chocolate, It's a Big Daddy Thing, Long Live the Kane. I have been rapping since 1987.
I am Big L. My real name is Lamont Coleman. I come from New York City. I am also known as L Corleone. I have been a part of groups like Children of the Corn, Diggin' in the Crates Crew. I have released albums such as The Danger Zone, Return of the Devil's Son, 139 & Lenox, The Big Picture, Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous. I have been rapping since 1992.
I am Big Sean. My real name is Sean Michael Leonard Anderso. I come from Detroit. I have been a part of groups like Twenty88. I have released albums such as Detroit 2, Double or Nothing, I Decided, Dark Sky Paradise, Hall of Fame, Finally Famous. I have been rapping since 2007.
I am Busta Rhymes. My real name is Trevor George Smith Jr.. I come from New York City. I am also known as Busta Busta. I have been a part of groups like Leaders of the New School, Flipmode Squad. I have released albums such as Year of the Dragon , Back on My B.S., The Big Bang, It Ain't Safe No More..., Genesis, Anarchy, E.L.E. (Extinction Level Event): The Final World Front, When Disaster Strikes..., The Coming. I have been rapping since 1989.
I am Cardi B. My real name is Belcalis Marlenis Almánzar. I come from New York City. I have released albums such as Invasion of Privacy. I have been rapping since 2015.
I am Chamillionaire. My real name is Hakeem Temidayo Seriki. I come from Houston. I have been a part of groups like Color Changin Click. I have released albums such as Ultimate Victory, The Sound of Revenge. I have been rapping since 1997.
I am Childish Gambino. My real name is Donald McKinley Glover Jr.. I come from Atlanta. I am also known as Childish, mcDJ. I have released albums such as 3.15.20, "Awaken, My Love!", Because the Internet, Camp. I have been rapping since 2011.
I am Common. My real name is Lonnie Rashid Lynn. I come from Chicago. I am also known as Common Sense. I have been a part of groups like August Greene, Cocaine 80's, Soulquarians. I have released albums such as Let Love, Black America Again, Nobody's Smiling, The Dreamer/The Believer, Universal Mind Control, Finding Forever, Be, Electric Circus, Like Water for Chocolate, One Day It'll All Make Sense, Resurrection, Can I Borrow a Dollar?. I have been rapping since 1991.
I am Denzel Curry. My real name is Denzel Rae Don Curry. I come from Miami. I am also known as Aquarius'Killa, Raven Miyagi, Zeltron 6 Billion, Black Metal Terrorist, Denny Cascade, Zel. I have been a part of groups like Raider Klan, C9 . I have released albums such as Unlocked, Zuu, Ta13oo, Imperial, Nostalgic 64. I have been rapping since 2009.
I am Diddy. My real name is Sean John Combs. I come from New York City. I am also known as Puff Daddy, P. Diddy, Puffy, Diddy, Brother Love. I have been a part of groups like Dirty Money. I have released albums such as Press Play, The Saga Continues..., Forever, No Way Out. I have been rapping since 1990.
I am DMX. My real name is Earl Simmons. I come from New York City. I am also known as Dark Man X. I have been a part of groups like Murder Inc, Ruff Ryders. I have released albums such as Redemption of the Beast, Undisputed, Year of the Dog... Again, Grand Champ, The Great Depression, ... And Then There Was X, Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood, It's Dark and Hell Is Hot. I have been rapping since 1991.
I am Dr. Dre. My real name is Andre Romelle Young. I come from Los Angeles. I am also known as Brickhard, The Mechanic. I have been a part of groups like N.W.A, World Class Wreckin' Cru. I have released albums such as Compton, 2001, The Chronic. I have been rapping since 1985.
I am Drake. My real name is Aubrey Drake Graham. I come from Toronto. I am also known as Champagne Papi, Drizzy, 6 God. I have released albums such as Scorpion, Views, Nothing Was the Same, Take Care, Thank Me Later. I have been rapping since 2001.
I am E-40. My real name is Earl T. Stevens. I come from Oakland. I have been a part of groups like The Click. I have released albums such as Revenue Retrievin': Overtime Shift, Revenue Retrievin': Night Shift, Revenue Retrievin': Day Shift, The Ball Street Journal, My Ghetto Report Card, Breakin' News, Grit & Grind, Loyalty & Betrayal, Charlie Hustle: The Blueprint of a Self-Made Millionaire, The Element of Surprise, Tha Hall of Game, In a Major Way, Federal. I have been rapping since 1986.
I am Eminem. My real name is Marshall Bruce Mathers III. I come from Detroit. I am also known as Slim Shady, Double M, M&M. I have been a part of groups like Bad Meets Evil, D12, . I have released albums such as Music to Be Murdered By, Kamikaze, Revival, The Marshall Mathers LP 2, Recovery, Relapse, Encore, The Eminem Show, The Marshall Mathers LP, The Slim Shady LP, Infinite. I have been rapping since 1988.
I am Everlast. My real name is Erik Francis Schrody. I come from Los Angeles. I am also known as Whitey Ford. I have been a part of groups like House of Pain, La Coka Nostra,. I have released albums such as Whitey Ford's House of Pain, The Life Acoustic, Songs of the Ungrateful Living, Love, War and the Ghost of Whitey Ford, White Trash Beautiful, Eat at Whitey's, Whitey Ford Sings the Blues, Forever Everlasting. I have been rapping since 1989.
I am Fabolous. My real name is John David Jackson. I come from New York City. I am also known as Fabolous Sport. I have been a part of groups like Street Family. I have released albums such as Summertime Shootout 3: Coldest Summer Ever, The Young OG Project, Loso's Way, From Nothin' to Somethin', Real Talk, Street Dreams, Ghetto Fabolous. I have been rapping since 1998.
I am Flo Rida. My real name is Tramar Lacel Dillard. I come from Miami. I have released albums such as Wild Ones, Only One Flo (Part 1), R.O.O.T.S., Mail on Sunday. I have been rapping since 2000.
I am Freddie Gibbs. My real name is Fredrick Jamel Tipton. I come from Gary. I am also known as Kane, Freddie Kane. I have been a part of groups like MadGibbs. I have released albums such as Alfredo, Bandana, Freddie, You Only Live 2wice, Shadow of a Doubt, Pinata, ESGN . I have been rapping since 2004.
I am French Montana. My real name is Karim Kharbouch. I come from New York City. I have been a part of groups like Coke Boys. I have released albums such as Montana, Jungle Rules, Excuse My French. I have been rapping since 2002.
I am Ghostface Killah. My real name is Dennis Coles. I come from New York City. I am also known as Ghostdini, Ironman, Tony Starks, Starky Love, Pretty Toney, P Tone. I have been a part of groups like Wu Tang Clan, Theodore Unit, Czarface. I have released albums such as Ironman, Supreme Clientele, Bulletproof Wallets, The Pretty Toney Album, Fishscale, More Fish, The Big Doe Rehab, Ghostdini: Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City, Apollo Kids, Twelve Reasons to Die, 6 Seasons, Twelve Reasons to Die II, Ghostface Killahs . I have been rapping since 1991.
I am GZA. My real name is Gary E. Grice. I come from New York City. I am also known as The Genius. I have been a part of groups like Wu Tang Clan. I have released albums such as Words from the Genius,Liquid Swords,Beneath the Surface,Legend of the Liquid Sword,Pro Tools. I have been rapping since 1990.
I am Ice Cube. My real name is OShea Jackson. I come from Los Angeles. I have been a part of groups like N W A, Da Lench Mob, Westside Connection, C I A. I have released albums such as AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted,Death Certificate, The Predator, Lethal Injection, War & Peace Vol. 1 (The War Disc), War & Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc), Laugh Now, Cry Later, Raw Footage, I Am the West, Everythang's Corrupt. I have been rapping since 1986.
I am Iggy Azalea. My real name is Amethyst Amelia Kelly. I come from Los Angeles. I have released albums such as The New Classic, In My Defense, End of an Era. I have been rapping since 2011.
I am J. Cole. My real name is Jermaine Lamarr Cole. I come from Raleigh. I am also known as Therapist, Hollywood Cole, Kill Edward. I have released albums such as Cole World: The Sideline Story, Born Sinner, 2014 Forest Hills Drive, 4 Your Eyez Only, KOD, The Fall Off (2020). I have been rapping since 2007.
I am Jay-Z. My real name is Shawn Corey Carter. I come from New York City. I am also known as The Carter Administration, Jigga, Hova, El Presidente. I have been a part of groups like The Carters. I have released albums such as Reasonable Doubt, In My Lifetime, Vol. 1, Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life, Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter, The Dynasty: Roc La Familia, The Blueprint, The Blueprint2: The Gift & the Curse, The Black Album, Kingdom Come, American Gangster, The Blueprint 3, Magna Carta Holy Grail, 4:44. I have been rapping since 1988.
I am Jeezy. My real name is Jay Wayne Jenkins. I come from Atlanta. I am also known as Lil J, young jeezy, the snowman. I have been a part of groups like Boyz n da hood, USDA. I have released albums such as Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101, The Inspiration, The Recession, TM:103 Hustlerz Ambition, Seen It All: The Autobiography, Church in These Streets, Trap or Die 3, Pressure, TM104: The Legend of the Snowman, The Recession 2. I have been rapping since 1997.
I am JID. My real name is Destin Choice Route. I come from Atlanta. I have been a part of groups like Spillage Village. I have released albums such as The Never Story, DiCaprio 2 . I have been rapping since 2010.
I am Juice Wrld. My real name is Jarad Anthony Higgins. I come from Chicago. I am also known as Juicethekidd. I have released albums such as Goodbye & Good Riddance, Wrld on Drugs with Future, Death Race for Love, Legends Never Die, The Outsiders     . I have been rapping since 2015.
I am Kanye West. My real name is Kanye Omari West. I come from Chicago. I am also known as Yeezy, Ye. I have been a part of groups like CRS, Kids See Ghosts, Sunday Service Choir. I have released albums such as The College Dropout, Late Registration, Graduation, 808s & Heartbreak, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Watch the Throne (with Jay-Z), Yeezus, The Life of Pablo, Ye, Jesus Is King, Donda: With Child. I have been rapping since 1996.
I am Kardinal Offishall. My real name is Jason Drew Harrow. I come from Ontario. I have been a part of groups like Artists Against Bullying. I have released albums such as Eye & I, Quest for Fire: Firestarter, Vol. 1, Fire and Glory, Not 4 Sale, Kardi Gras, Vol. 1: The Clash, Pick Your Poison   . I have been rapping since 1994.
I am Kendrick Lamar. My real name is Kendrick Lamar Duckworth. I come from Compton. I am also known as K dot, kung fu kenny, cornrow kenny. I have been a part of groups like Black hippy. I have released albums such as Section.80, Good Kid, M.A.A.D City, To Pimp a Butterfly, Damn    . I have been rapping since 2004.
I am Kid Cudi. My real name is Scott Ramon Seguro Mescudi. I come from Cleveland. I have been a part of groups like Kids See Ghosts, WZRD. I have released albums such as Man on the Moon: The End of Day, Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager, Indicud, Satellite Flight: The Journey to Mother Moon, Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven, Passion, Pain & Demon Slayin', Entergalactic . I have been rapping since 2003.
I am Kodak Black. My real name is Dieuson Octave. I come from Miami. I am also known as Bill Kahan Blanco, j Black. I have released albums such as Painting Pictures, Dying to Live  . I have been rapping since 2009.
I am KRS-One. My real name is 	Lawrence Parker. I come from New York City. I am also known as KRS, Techa, the blastmaster, big joe krash, the temple of hip hop. I have been a part of groups like Boogie Down Productions, Group Therapy. I have released albums such as Return of the Boom Bap, KRS-One, I Got Next, The Sneak Attack, Spiritual Minded, Kristyles, Keep Right, Life, Adventures in Emceein, Maximum Strength, The BDP Album, Never Forget, Now Hear This, The World Is Mind, Street Light (First Edition) . I have been rapping since 1986.
I am Lauryn Hill. My real name is Lauryn Noelle Hill. I come from Newark. I am also known as L Boogie. I have been a part of groups like Fugees. I have released albums such as The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. I have been rapping since 1988.
I am Lecrae. My real name is Lecrae Devaughn Moore. I come from Houston. I have been a part of groups like 116 clique. I have released albums such as Real Talk, After the Music Stops, Rebel, Rehab, Rehab: The Overdose, Gravity, Anomaly, All Things Work Together, Let the Trap Say Amen (with Zaytoven),  Restoration. I have been rapping since 2004.
I am Lil Peep. My real name is Gustav Elijah ahr. I come from New York City. I have been a part of groups like Schemaposse. I have released albums such as Come Over When You're Sober Pt. 1,Come Over When You're Sober Pt. 2. I have been rapping since 2014.
I am Lil Wayne. My real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. I come from New Orleans. I am also known as Tunechi, Weezy F Baby. I have been a part of groups like Cash Money Millionaires, Hot boys, sqad up. I have released albums such as Tha Block Is Hot, Lights Out, 500 Degreez, Tha Carter, Tha Carter II, Tha Carter III, Rebirth, I Am Not a Human Being, Tha Carter IV, I Am Not a Human Being II, Free Weezy Album, Tha Carter V, Funeral, WAYNE . I have been rapping since 1995.
I am LL Cool J. My real name is James Todd Smith. I come from New York City. I have released albums such as Radio, Bigger and Deffer, Walking with a Panther, Mama Said Knock You Out, 14 Shots to the Dome, Mr. Smith, Phenomenon, G.O.A.T., 10, The DEFinition, Todd Smith, Exit 13, Authentic  . I have been rapping since 1984.
I am Ludacris. My real name is 	Christopher Brian Bridges. I come from Atlanta. I am also known as Chris Lova lova, Luda. I have released albums such as Incognegro, Back for the First Time, Word of Mouf, Chicken-n-Beer, The Red Light District, Release Therapy, Theater of the Mind, Battle of the Sexes, Ludaversal. I have been rapping since 1998.
I am Lupe Fiasco. My real name is 	Wasalu Muhammad Jaco. I come from Chicago. I am also known as Double J. I have been a part of groups like All City Chess Club, CRS, Japanese Cartoon. I have released albums such as Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor, Lupe Fiasco's The Cool, Lasers, Food & Liquor II: The Great American Rap Album Pt. 1, Tetsuo & Youth, Drogas Light, Drogas Wave . I have been rapping since 2000.
I am Masta Ace. My real name is Duval Clear. I come from New York City. I am also known as Ase One, Eca Retsam. I have been a part of groups like emc, crooklyn dodgers, masta ace incorporated, juice crew. I have released albums such as Take a Look Around, SlaughtaHouse, Sittin' on Chrome, Disposable Arts, A Long Hot Summer, MA Doom: Son of Yvonne, The Falling Season  . I have been rapping since 1988.
I am Masta Killa. My real name is Elgin Turner. I come from New York City. I am also known as Jamel Irief, Noodles, High Chief. I have been a part of groups like Wu tang clan. I have released albums such as No Said Date, Made in Brooklyn, Selling My Soul, Loyalty is Royalty  . I have been rapping since 1992.
I am Method Man. My real name is 	Clifford Smith Jr. I come from New York City. I am also known as Johnny Blaze. I have been a part of groups like Wu tang clan. I have released albums such as Tical, Tical 2000: Judgement Day, Tical 0: The Prequel, 4:21... The Day After, The Meth Lab, Meth Lab Season 2: The Lithium  . I have been rapping since 1988.
I am Missy Elliott. My real name is 	Melissa Arnette Elliott. I come from Norfolk. I am also known as Misdemeanor. I have released albums such as Supa Dupa Fly, Da Real World, Miss E... So Addictive, Under Construction, This Is Not a Test!, The Cookbook  . I have been rapping since 1991.
I am Nas. My real name is 	Nasir bin Olu Dara Jones. I come from New York City. I am also known as Nas Escobar, Nasty Nas. I have been a part of groups like the firm. I have released albums such as Illmatic, It Was Written, I Am..., Nastradamus, Stillmatic, God's Son, Street's Disciple, Hip Hop Is Dead, Untitled, Life Is Good, Nasir, King's Disease  . I have been rapping since 1991.
I am Nicki Minaj. My real name is Onika Tanya Maraj. I come from New York City. I have released albums such as Pink Friday, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded, The Pinkprint, Queen    . I have been rapping since 2004.
I am Obie Trice. My real name is Obie Trice III. I come from Detroit. I have been a part of groups like D-12. I have released albums such as Cheers, Second Round's on Me, Bottoms Up, The Hangover, The Fifth. I have been rapping since 2000.
I am Pitbull. My real name is Armando Christian Pérez. I come from Miami. I am also known as Mr. 305, Mr. Worldwide. I have released albums such as M.I.A.M.I., El Mariel, The Boatlift, Pitbull Starring in Rebelution, Armando, Planet Pit, Global Warming, Globalization, Dale, Climate Change, Libertad 548 . I have been rapping since 2001.
I am Pusha T. My real name is Terrence LeVarr Thornton. I come from Virginia Beach. I am also known as Terrar. I have been a part of groups like Clipse, Re-Up Gang. I have released albums such as My Name Is My Name, King Push – Darkest Before Dawn: The Prelude, Daytona. I have been rapping since 1993.
I am Queen Latifah. My real name is Dana Elaine Owens. I come from New York City. I have been a part of groups like L.A. Mass Choir, Native Tongues, . I have released albums such as All Hail the Queen,Nature of a Sista', Black Reign, Order in the Court,The Dana Owens Album, Trav'lin' Light, Persona. I have been rapping since 1989.
I am R.A. The Rugged Man. My real name is R.A. Thorburn. I come from New York City. I have released albums such as Die, Rugged Man, Die , Legends Never Die, All My Heroes Are Dead. I have been rapping since 1992.
I am Raekwon. My real name is Corey Woods. I come from New York City. I am also known as Lex Diamonds, Raekwon the Chef, Sha Raider. I have been a part of groups like Wu-Tang Clan. I have released albums such as Only Built 4 Cuban Linx…, Immobilarity, The Lex Diamond Story, Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II, Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang, Fly International Luxurious Art, The Wild, Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. III . I have been rapping since 1991.
I am Redman. My real name is Reginald Noble. I come from New York City. I am also known as Doc, Funk Doctor Spock, Doctor Dogg, Red Rum, Red Mon, Reddy 2 Rock, Reddy 2 Rap, Redident Evil, Blue Man, Funk Fugitive, Funk Fastic, Reggie. I have been a part of groups like Method Man & Redman, Def Squad. I have released albums such as Whut? Thee Album, Dare Iz a Darkside, Muddy Waters, Doc's da Name, Malpractice, Red Gone Wild: Thee Album, Reggie, Mudface. I have been rapping since 1990.
I am Rick Ross. My real name is William Leonard Roberts II. I come from Miami. I am also known as Rozay, The Boss, Renzel, Teflon. I have released albums such as Port of Miami, Trilla, Deeper Than Rap, Teflon Don, God Forgives, I Don't, Mastermind, Hood Billionaire, Black Market, Rather You Than Me, Port of Miami 2, Richer Than I've Ever Been . I have been rapping since 2000.
I am Royce Da 5'9. My real name is Ryan Daniel Montgomery. I come from Detroit. I am also known as Nickel Nine, Nickel, Royce 5'9. I have been a part of groups like Bad Meets Evil, Slaughterhouse, PRhyme. I have released albums such as Rock City, Death is Certain, Independent's Day, Street Hop, Success Is Certain, Layers, Book of Ryan, The Allegory. I have been rapping since 1995.
I am RZA. My real name is Robert Fitzgerald Diggs. I come from New York City. I am also known as RZA, Prince Rakeem, Bobby Steels, Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig AllahPrince, Delight, (The) Abbott, Bobby Digital, Bobby Dynamite, RZArector, Bobby Boulders. I have been a part of groups like Wu-Tang Clan, Banks & Steelz, Gravediggaz. I have released albums such as Bobby Digital in Stereo,  Digital Bullet, Birth of a Prince, Digi Snacks . I have been rapping since 1991.
I am Scarface. My real name is Brad Terrence Jordan. I come from Houston. I am also known as Mr. Scarface, Face, DJ Akshen, Facemob, Creepy. I have been a part of groups like Geto Boys. I have released albums such as Mr. Scarface Is Back, The World Is Yours, The Diary, The Untouchable, My Homies, The Last of a Dying Breed, The Fix, My Homies Part 2, Made, Emeritus, Deeply Rooted . I have been rapping since 1988.
I am Slick Rick. My real name is Richard Martin Lloyd Walters. I come from New York City. I am also known as Rick The Ruler, MC Ricky D. I have released albums such as The Great Adventures of Slick Rick, The Ruler's Back, Behind Bars, The Art of Storytelling . I have been rapping since 1984.
I am Snoop Dogg. My real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr.. I come from Los Angeles. I am also known as DJ Snoopadelic, Niggarachi, Snoop Doggy Dogg, Snoop Lion, Snoopzilla, Nemo Hoes. I have been a part of groups like 213, 7 Days of Funk, Tha Eastsidaz, QDT. I have released albums such as Doggystyle, Tha Doggfather, Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told, No Limit Top Dogg, Tha Last Meal, Paid tha Cost to Be da Boss, R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece, Tha Blue Carpet Treatment, Ego Trippin', Malice n Wonderland, Doggumentary, Reincarnated, Bush, Coolaid, Neva Left, Bible of Love, I Wanna Thank Me . I have been rapping since 1992.
I am T.I.. My real name is Clifford Joseph Harris Jr.. I come from Atlanta. I am also known as Tip, T.I.P. I have been a part of groups like Bankroll Mafia, P$C. I have released albums such as I'm Serious, Trap Muzik, Urban Legend, King, T.I. vs. T.I.P., Paper Trail, No Mercy, Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head, Paperwork, Dime Trap, The L.I.B.R.A. . I have been rapping since 1999.
I am Talib Kweli. My real name is Talib Kweli Greene. I come from New York City. I have been a part of groups like Black Star, Idle Warship, Reflection Eternal, Soulquarians. I have released albums such as Quality, The Beautiful Struggle, Eardrum, Gutter Rainbows, Prisoner of Conscious, Gravitas, Fuck the Money, Radio Silence. I have been rapping since 1997.
I am The Game. My real name is Jayceon Terrell Taylor. I come from Los Angeles. I have been a part of groups like G-Unit. I have released albums such as The Documentary, Doctor's Advocate, LAX, The R.E.D. Album, Jesus Piece, The Documentary 2, The Documentary 2.5, 1992, Born 2 Rap . I have been rapping since 2002.
I am The Notorious B.I.G.. My real name is Christopher George Latore Wallace. I come from New York City. I am also known as Biggie Smalls, Frank White. I have released albums such as Ready to Die, Life After Death, Born Again, Duets: The Final Chapter. I have been rapping since 1992.
I am Travis Scott. My real name is Jacques Berman Webster II. I come from Houston. I am also known as La Flame, Cactus Jack. I have been a part of groups like Huncho Jack, . I have released albums such as Rodeo, Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight, Astroworld, Utopia . I have been rapping since 2012.
I am Tyler, The Creator. My real name is Tyler Gregory Okonma. I come from Los Angeles. I am also known as Ace, Gap Tooth T, DJ Stank Daddy, Tyler Haley, Wolf Haley. I have been a part of groups like Odd Future, I Smell Panties. I have released albums such as Goblin, Wolf, Cherry Bomb, Flower Boy, Igor. I have been rapping since 2007.
I am U-God. My real name is Lamont Jody Hawkins. I come from New York City. I am also known as Golden Arms, Universal-God. I have been a part of groups like Wu-Tang Clan. I have released albums such as Golden Arms Redemption, Mr. Xcitement, Dopium, The Keynote Speaker, Venom. I have been rapping since 1991.
I am Vanilla Ice. My real name is Robert Matthew Van Winkle. I come from Miami. I have released albums such as To the Extreme, Mind Blowin', Hard to Swallow, Bi-Polar, Platinum Underground, W.T.F. (Wisdom, Tenacity and Focus) . I have been rapping since 1985.
I am Vinnie Paz. My real name is Vincenzo Luvineri. I come from Philadelphia. I have been a part of groups like Army of the Pharoahs, Heavy Metal Kings, Jedi Mind Tricks. I have released albums such as Season of the Assassin, God of the Serengeti, The Cornerstone of the Corner Store, The Pain Collector, As Above So Below . I have been rapping since 1993.
I am Wiz Khalifa. My real name is Cameron Jibril Thomaz. I come from Pittsburgh. I have been a part of groups like Show and Prove, Deal or No Deal, Rolling Papers, O.N.I.F.C., Blacc Hollywood, Rolling Papers 2 . I have been rapping since 2005.
I am Xzibit. My real name is Alvin Nathaniel Joiner. I come from Los Angeles. I am also known as Exhibit A, X to the Z, Wow Alvin. I have been a part of groups like Likwit Crew, Serial Killers, Strong Arm Steady. I have released albums such as At the Speed of Life, 40 Dayz & 40 Nightz, Restless, Man vs. Machine, Weapons of Mass Destruction, Full Circle, Napalm. I have been rapping since 1994.
